Update create-retention-policies.md (#3876)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/create-retention-policies.md

  - 1,000 users for Teams private chats
  - 100 sites (OneDrive or SharePoint)

> The workaround is be to use groups instead when exceeding 1000 mailboxes per inclusion/exclusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workaround is to use Microsoft 365 groups instead when exceeding 1000 mailboxes per inclusion/exclusion.
```
